About Me
	I was born February 19, 1990, to Brad and Karen Hansen, in St. Marks Hospital. 
I was their first child, and they soon moved out of their newlywed apartment into a real house in Salt Lake.
	I was a serious and inquisitive child, but I also loved to laugh and imagine.
	Over the years, as we remodeled our small house, my brothers and sisters were added to the family, 
and I began the adventure of learning responsibility and patience.
	#family
	I began playing the piano at age 9, and although at first I was extrememly upset and didn't want to learn, 
I slowly began to take hold of it as an enjoyable and challenging pastime. 
As I improved, it became the foremost passion of my life, and I began to progress very quickly.
	By 12, I was playing a movement of Mendelssohn's First Piano Concerto, a virtuosic hallmark of the standard repertoire. 
Soon I was beginning to acquaint myself with the work of Sergei Rachmaninoff, 
and after learning Movements from Beethoven's and Grieg's First Piano Concertos, I tackled Rachmaninoff's Second in my Sophomore year of High School.
	After being accepted to the University of Utah's Piano Performance Program, I elected to study with Vedrana Subotic, a piano faculty member at the U, 
towards a piano competition and recording career.
	#piano
	I have also been an avid martial artist since my Senior Year in High School. 
Being a balanced and rounded person is important to me, and I have always sought to ensure that all of my pursuits, 
while taken seriously, complemented and strengthened rather than competed with one another.
	#qi
	Happiness is key to success! Many think that Classical Music training is austere or boring, but there's no need for that to be true. 
Classical training is certainly the most rigorous and the most detailed, but it will prepare you best for any other type of music. 
	I love to laugh, and will always bring a light spirit and a smiling face along with my intensity and attention to detail.
	#pink
	I hope you decide to pursue piano lessons with me. 
Building oneself artistically is essential to a healthy and fulfilled life, and piano playing is a skill that will put a smile on your face as long as you live.
	Begin the adventure with me!
	#forest