Piano Masterpieces You Should Listen To
	The Classical Tradition is very long, and has given us over 400 years of incredible music. It is my profound pleasure when I'm given
an opportunity to bring these works, as well as an understanding of these works, into the lives of my students.
Even if I never get the chance to teach them to you directly, I think they're beautiful and will enrich your life even without more context.
	I've organized all of the works below by what I call "listener difficulty." All genres of music have ideas that define the genre
(rock and roll has different harmonic and rhythmic ideas than classical music, which is different than hip-hop, etc.),
and when someone begins listening to a genre, they have to start with the simplest expressions of these musical ideas,
or they'll find the music confusing and difficult to enjoy
but as they gain more familiarity with those musical ideas, they appreciate more complex forms of them.
For a very interesting look into how people perceive and enjoy music, I recommend you read 
<a href='http://daniellevitin.com/publicpage/books/this-is-your-brain-on-music/'>This is Your Brain on Music</a>. 
	This is just as true for classical music as for any other type. Classical music is a very old and advanced genre though, so much of the music is very
complicated, and this makes most people's first exposures to it overwhelming. This is a tragedy we can avoid!
To do so, I will continually curate this list, which can help listeners slowly step through the genre and appreciate the simpler 
(but still brilliant) pieces first.
This gives everyone an opportunity to love the whole genre, and gain an appreciation for this vast portion of our human legacy.
So without further ado:
	Very Simple
Beethoven - Moonlight
Beethoven - Tempest 3rd
Beethoven - Sonata Movements
	Simple
Debussy - Arabesques
Debussy - Reverie
Debussy - Clair de Lune
Debussy - Snow is Dancing
Debussy - Children's Corner Works
	Simple Intermediate
Beethoven - Dances
Beethoven - Concertos
Mozart - Sonatas
Mozart - Dances
Mozart - Fantasies
Mozart - Concertos
Scarlatti - Sonatas
Scriabin - One Handed Nocturne
	Intermediate
Haydn - Sonatas
Chopin - Etudes
Chopin - Sonatas
Chopin - Scherzos
Chopin - Concertos
Chopin - Dances
Chopin - Nocturnes
Chopin - Fantaisie Impromptu
	Complex Intermediate
Rachmaninoff - Suites
Rachmaninoff - Concertos
Busoni - Chaconne Arrangement
Tchaikovsky - Concerto
Scriabin - Concerto
Rachmaninoff - Trio
Debussy - Images
Debussy - Estampes
Debussy - L'Isle Joyeuse
Brahms - Variations
Brahms - Fantaisies
Brahms - Concertos
Schumann - Scenes from Childhood
Schumann - Concertos
Schumann - Sonatas
Schumann - Etudes
Schubert - Sonatas
Beethoven - Sonata
Beethoven - Concertos
	Complex
Bach - Inventions
Bach - Concertos
Kapustin - Sonatas
Kapustin - Etudes
Ravel - Miroirs
Ravel - Jeux D'eau
Ravel - Tambeau de Couperin
	Very Complex
Bach - Partitas
Bach - Preludes and Fugues
Rachmaninoff - Preludes Op. 23
Rachmaninoff - Sonatas
Rachmaninoff - Variations
Rachmaninoff - Etudes-Tableaux Op. 33
Symanowsky - Mazurkas
Symanowsky - Etudes
Liszt - Etudes
Liszt - Sonata
Liszt - Polonaises
Liszt - Hungarian Fantasies
Liszt - Years of Pilgrimage
Alkan - Solo Concerto
Alkan - Etudes
	Incredibly Complex
Rachmaninoff - Preludes Op. 32
Rachmaninoff - Etudes-Tableaux Op. 39
Medtner - Sonatas
Medtner - Arabesques
Prokofiev - Sonatas
Prokofiev - Suggestion Diabolique
Ravel - Ondine
Ravel - Le Gibet
Ravel - Scarbo
Poulenc - Organ Concerto
Poulenc - Concerto
Debussy - Preludes
	Dissonant
Scriabin - Sonatas
Scriabin - Etudes
	Atonal
Messiaen - Preludes
Messiaen - Contemplations on the Infant Jesus 
	Experimental
	It's worth pointing out that I've only shown you piano works, or works that included the piano, and that this barely scratches the surface of Classical Music! 
There are thousands of amazing Orchestral, Chamber, Choral, and Solo works for all other instruments.
Since this is a Piano Studio and I'm a Piano Teacher, I thought I'd focus on this one small area and leave the rest for you.
It's a very rewarding world, and you'll find immense joy in exploring it.
/Salieri
/Handel
/Diabelli
/Satie
/Couperin